
Scrum Planning
--------------
Product Backlog
Product Roadmap
Technical Roadmap

Epics are estimated in scrum planning

Product Backlog - What is this? 
User Stories are created here.
Prioritize and estimate what we have. 

Then the Product Roadmap
View of first release, then tentative releases
We look at what user stories we need for a first release
We prioritize the most important items. 

Release 2 in product roadmap
Might prioritize features at this depth based on target roadmap release.

Technical Roadmap
What do we need?
  Technical architecture
  data architecture - modeling, need databases
  security infrastructure



Three deliverables that we focus on 

Every sprint has velocity


Story Points
------------------


Probably the most commonly used estimating unit among agile estimating teams globally today.
  Name is derived from agile teams commonly expressing requirements as "user stories".
Based on a combinationn of size and complexity of the work
Unitless but numerically relevant estimates
  A 10-point user story is expected to take twice as long as a 5-point user story


Three Key Advantages
Estimating in story points
  Forces the use of relative estimating
    Studies have shown that we are better at this *(comparison estimating)

Planning Poker for Estimating
* An iterative approach to estimating, loosely based on wideband Delphi (Rand Corp)
* Steps
  * Each estimator is given a deck of cards, each card has a valid estimate
  * Pick a "Keystone" and assign a number
  * Customer/Product owner then reads a story and it is discussed briefly
  * Each estimator selects a card that is his or her estimate in relation to the keystone
  * Cards are turned over so all can see them
  * Discuss differences
  * Re-estimate until estimates converge

Planning Poker - an example using the fibonacci sequence
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 20




The Planning Onion
------------------
Strategy
Portfolio
Product
Release
Iteration
Daily


Agile Charter                        Vision, Roadmap, Release Plan
Courses | Grading | Registration     Theme
As an instructor, I wantt to manage my grades in the LMS
... to calculate grades based on weighted averages
        put weighted criteria on screen
        add weighting critera to database
... to import grades from other sources/systems
        create mapping table
        install import API




